you are wondering why I dance like that
very bollywood style india because today
in my video tutorial I want to explain
how to make a drawing n all
what helen is essentially
this goodbye is not seen well but I hope
to let me see as much as possible if I do
spiro comes out this kind of pandino
here they are a mixture of which derives from
a plant are herbal things marian not there
I can say precisely but I will do another
small research veil put or software
I will write it nothing brought me one
my friend from India well I realized
a typical tattoo you have present
in Bollywood movies when women
Indians get married
here is they come back with these drawings
this is precisely what I did
let's say I went there a lot
nose is more than anything I did style
free hand
I did not follow a drawing well
precise world does a lot of fantasy and
this was precisely the result
but if you feel insecure and want
you can't miss completely
let's say look on the internet and gave it
to download some pictures of the
I certainly recommend recopying
practice first on a sheet of paper because
soon this connection is not for nothing
easy to use
there is always a need for some manual skills
so now in the video I'll explain how
realize your all one